Wildflower's bet between us
But keep counting
Call the Holy Lord
You won't go back on our bet, will you?
Of course not.
Dad?
I was young.
Why don't you listen to me
Damn it, this is the face for our family
It's okay, hurry up and find it.
But it is
In case it's true
Isn't there a foolproof solution? What are you afraid of?
Go go go go
I was prepared.
I have everything.
I'm not afraid
Come on, I'm immortal now
Ye Hua, I tell you
The wealth amassed by Shi Da is mine
The throne of the Lord is also mine
Come on, drop knife
Hahahaha
You can rest assured that my son will not die
It will come back to life in a while.
Well, Team Leader Ye
He's already like this
And you said he wouldn't die?
I said he wouldn't die, he just wouldn't die
He'll be up soon.
And I will tell you personally
Who is the true saint?
Why are you going?
I'm studying medicine.
I see if he's dead